# South Stand Brewery & Taproom
## Milestone Project 1
### General Purpose and Introduction
This web application is for a fictitious micro-brewery and taproom based in Warrington. The brewery fills a gap in the market as there are limited options for locals to enjoy an intimate and bespoke drinking experience in the town. In addition, most bars in the area tend to be part of a chain - conforming to the stereotypical ‘pub’ image, with limited beer choices and little online presence – therefore missing out a large demographic of younger people. 

For the South Stand Brewery & Taproom, I wanted to create an enticing, user-friendly site that reflects the following themes - 

1. **Sleek, simple, and professional** – A professional design that will stand out compared to other venues in the sector.  I wanted ease of learning and use and aim to keep it very contained so that it can be used with minimal navigation to other pages.
2. **Robust yet friendly** – The brewery and taproom dynamic would appeal to a ‘hipster’ audience. If you look at other companies that offer the similar dynamics such as Founders Brewing or Brewdog, the typography, copy, images and branding are targeted at their key demographic. Whilst it is important to consider the culture of the audience, one of the business goals of the site is to increase awareness and in course footfall to the venue itself. On that basis, I will be using typography, images, and colour to give the effect of a rugged, no-nonsense bar where beer is the passion, but using calls to action and content to promote a friendly atmosphere.
3. **Enticing** – Normal e-commerce or B2B web applications have a focus on providing a lot of information, or at least having it available to a user if they wish to see it. I will adopt elements of this approach, however, to generate interest and footfall, I wanted to create a site that felt enticing and leave users wanting more through interesting content and tempting background imagery.